The Joe Rogan.
Experience is the door to iron man. Totally closed. Cause I don't believe it is.
Oh, you guys can go through time. Now you can go, you know,
you already opened up.
Well, let me ask you the question.
If I pick the Jersey back up and put it on wouldn't you feel a little bit like,
Ugh. No.
No. Oh, here's here's the right thing.
They go through a few semi lackluster Avengers movies without you.
You ready for this? I'm ready. Here's the scene.
There's a moment where the world's fate is at stake and they realized they need
a super genius and then they figure out how to restart that time machine.
Great. Come on, man. Is.
That the audience sees you when you, when you step out of.
Is this your, and can we, do you want a little arc on it too?
Because if this is your idea, then you got to show up for it too.
I'll do it. I'll show up what I have to do. I don't know.
I'll do whatever I have to do. We all have to do whatever Kevin fight.
The whole thing is that, do they still have that clap?
They do. They did digital.
I'll hold that digital thing. I'll do it. But the, the,
the way people would freak out, if you came back, come on, man.
Think about it. Take a few years off,
Dr. Doolittle's a couple more Sherlock Holmes.
You know,
it's interesting watching Eddie Murphy in this last little
period of time. And I was talking to Colin Joest last night,
who got to sit next to him at the golden Globes and who was there
and you know,
on the show and writing for him with him when he hosted recently and I go,
it's just incredible. Our culture
never encourages taking a break, never encourages saying, uh,
uh, don't chase that thing because you've got it in your hands. And, and,
and I love the idea that if you're, if you're good at what you do,
then it's not about time. It's about it.
Doesn't matter when
you decide to pick up the mantle again, it's just about, but it's scary.
Isn't it? Could you imagine? Like if they just said, Hey, Joe,
just don't do the show for four years and then come back and do it again.
You'd be like, that's a lifetime who knows? What's yeah.
Well, with Eddie,
what's interesting is he was arguably
the greatest of his era and just stopped to stop for 30 years.
And no one does that. No one is who's dat. Good. And then when you see him,
I don't know if you ever saw him. He received some award and he was on a panel,
you know, and I was sitting in front of podium rider rather,
and he was talking about bill Cosby and he was doing this routine about them
taking away bill Cosby's awards.
And it was brilliant and the timing was so good.
And all of us comics were just sitting there going, he could do it tomorrow.
He could just get up there tomorrow and he be murdering. Yes.
And, but it would be.
Different. It'd be different. He's a different human. Yeah. You know,
this is one, the more interesting things about it.
It's him talking about some of the more homophobic stuff that he did in the
past. Now it makes him cringe and you just can't believe he was that person.
But he, you know, he was when he did delirious,
I think he was like 22 or something crazy like that,
which is just bonkers that he was that good.
Anyway, I've been thinking about him lately in relation to a bunch of things,
but also just that
particularly nowadays giving yourself permission to not have to
jump because, you know, strike the iron's hot, all that stuff.
And maybe it's just as a bit of an anxiety to the times, which I remember too,
speaking of past generations, I remember growing up 1974,
Nixon's black and white TV getting impeached.
My dad and his buddies are whooping it up, but they're still and I'm going like,
wow, it's, it's not worse or, or, or better.
It's different, but now it's on us.
So there's a bit of an urgency and that, that whole thing.
And just being able to say like, so to answer your question to me, uh,
starting up again, as off the table,
I feel I've done all I could with that character.
There'd have to be a super compelling argument and a series of
events that, that made it obvious to it.
But the other thing is I want to do that.
Their stuff, right? Of course. Yeah, of course.
You know what you're talking about about Nixon and people get it.
People can lose themselves in current events. And what I mean by that, like,
it doesn't necessarily completely your,
your life is more than what's going on in Washington. You know,
hunter Thompson talked about that when he was running for sheriff in Aspen,
he was talking about how local politics like your neighborhood, that's real,
but this actually can affect your life. Like what's going on in Washington.
How much does that affect your day to day existence? It's very little though.
For some people it becomes an enormous
portion of the real estate of their mind. It, it,
it takes over most of their day to day consciousness where they're consumed
with it and it becomes a thing they're cheering for. They're rooting against.
And, and then, you know, your,
your life revolves on something that you have very little power over.
Teams, turf wars, interests, uh,
think globally act locally.
Yes. I mean,
it's a beautiful statement really is it's one of those cliches that you don't
even think about.
I didn't know that was hunter in that picture out there,
but to me it looked like Joe Walsh.
Good as easily fit Joe Walsh. I mean, he moved to Colorado too. Oh,
wow. Yeah. The Rocky mountain way. If he didn't.
Yeah, he wants told me, I'll speak out of school. He said,
now you should just watch TV for a year, bro.
I was like, thanks, Joe. And by the way, he was probably right.
Probably right. Look.
If you just hung back and just did nothing, but watch TV for a year,
the ideas you would have you'd have,
you would probably have a really rock solid idea of, of what's going on.
His was more trying to have enough things going on that I wouldn't have any
ideas for a year. And then I'd give myself a break for you.
See, I've taken differently. I'm thinking like analyze the landscape.
I think Joe Walsh is one of the most underrated guys ever,
because he changed the Eagles. The Eagles were one thing.
And then Joe Walls came around like victim of love. That's Joe Walsh. Yeah.
He came around and just all of a sudden there was a rock to it.
It's like they were kicking down doors and light and on fire. It was different.
There was an edge to it, you know, he's he added crazy.
He had a crazy to this beautiful harmony.
I love it. When the guys that added crazy go up to the thin veil
between dimensions and say, I think I'm going to stay put,
and then all of a sudden they represent
stability. They represent, uh, being okay,
hanging up your guns. Yeah. And just being, you know,
well that.
That's everything. Everyone has to accept that at some point in time. Right?
I mean, maybe that's you and your glasses. Right?
Cause everyone has to accept that at one point in time,
you're going to have to get off the ride.
But when you're doing great and you're kicking it,
like boxers are a perfect example. They always last too long.
There's only been a small handful. Like Andre ward recently marvelous,
Marvin Hagler in his prime, they just go, that's it I'm done.
And they actually are done almost every one of them comes back and almost every
one of them chases that dragon.
Here's why I love you. You're making an argument for,
and also the argument against me coming back and doing another morning.
Listen, I'm not married to anything except my wife,
but I'm not married to any ideas. All the ideas that I have are just like, Hmm.
Maybe that idea sucks. I love you as iron man. So I would, I would,
if you, if they open up this time machine and you popped out,
I just imagine the moment where everybody goes crazy. It would be amazing.
That'd be great. I would love that, but I would also love you hanging it up.
Yeah. It's look, it's just, first of all, it's 2020,
and I'm not an OCD guy, but I keep thinking, see, clearly,
see clearly even if your vision is going and it's difficult because
by,
I feel like we all just get buffeted by feelings and
ego or fears or little, you know,
chips of resentments or intuitions that are tied to something maybe higher,
but you think is out of your reach or whatever. So it was a perfect time.
And I got to go have dinner with a bunch of the Marvel folks last night
and kind of have just a little bit of extra closure. Cause you know,
the movie came out and it was bananas and the directors are sending me
pictures of like people flipping out in theaters when Tony snaps.
And I was like, whoa, this was kind of like a really big cultural thing.
But then like, uh, Victoria Alonzo, who's the head of VFX for all these movies,
literal super genius or Kevin Figgy or Fabro or
uh, Scarlett or some people that I've just been there with it for a long time.
We, we,
we were there experiencing it all when it came out and then we'd see each other
on a red carpet and it's not intimate. And then we kind of,
hadn't really had a chance just to do nothing, just hang out and you know,
have some crudity and kind of talk.
So it was really interesting being here today.
Cause yesterday was this kind of last night, was this kind of real like,
felt like closing the circle on things a bit.
That's gotta be bittersweet. Yeah. But I liked that.
I liked that you want to move on and I liked that you them and I liked that
you're doing something like Dr. Doolittle, cause that's like,
you've done a lot of wild in your life. You've got a lot of wild in your career,
but you sort of embody every new chapter
with the same kind of energy.
Although there's a different result in different piece of art,
it's all the same. You,
and that's one of the more interesting things about people and particular
actors, because actors get to be a bunch of different things.
And it's one of the weirder things about that craft. Like when you see a,
you know, a guy who's, uh,
like Daniel Day Lewis who like embodies these different humans,
like literally becomes different humans it's but it's always Daniel Day Lewis.
You know what I mean? Like even though he plays these, these, you know,
there will be blood guy and all these different psychopaths and various
fascinating characters, it's always the N like you're,
you're pumped to see him do it. Right. And I think that's,
I feel the same way with you. It's like, I know there's,
you're an interesting guy. There's a lot of going on in your head.
So when you dive into something, whatever it is,
whether it's your character from Tropic thunder or whatever it is like, you're,
you're gonna, it's going to be Robert Downey Jr. Diving into stuff.
So I would imagine it would be kind of annoying,
even though you are brilliant at iron man to stay iron man.